Delicious Inbox Exporter Ruby Script
====================================

Delicious does not provide any official means to export your inbox items, but
for many people these are an import part of their personal data.

This script will scrape your inbox page(s) from delicious.com and output a
Netscape-style bookmarks HTML document. You can then import the document into
your browser or into another online bookmarking product.

Use of this script is at your own risk. Run it too often and you may get
blocked or banned from Delicious.

Requirements
============

- ruby
- rubygems
- hpricot gem

Instructions
============

Running this script requires a tiny bit of manual effort. You need to provide
the script with your delicious authentication cookies. This is easy, and
instructions are given interactively when you run the script.

You may optionally want to review the "output configuration" section of the
script source and tweak settings related to how exported items should look.  By
default, all items will be additionall tagged with "inbox" as well as
"from:delicious/johndoe", and "[from John Doe]" where John Doe is the sending
user.

Run the script with the name of the output bookmarks HTML file as the first
argument.  For instance:

  ruby inboxexporter.rb inboxbookmarks.html


Contributions
=============

Please feel free to fork this, improve it, make it easier, and/or contact me
with questions or pull requests.

-Josh Whiting, @yetanotherjosh on twitter


License
=======

Copyright (c) 2010 Josh Whiting

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE
